First version of MinGW official build scripts (#2129)
wxWidgets/wxWidgets: build/tools/mingw/README.md

MinGW build tools
-----------------

> This folder contains Ms Batch scripts used to create zip packages for officials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains batch files used to create zip packages for official
```

MinGW build tools
-----------------

This folder contains batch files used to create zip packages for official
builds with different versions of the MinGW compiler.

Building a new release
----------------------

1) If needed, update the versions list in the 'buildall.bat' script (the first 'for' loop of this file)

2) Update the 'parameters.bat" file to reflect your system and your installations of the differents MinGW versions. This script is first called without any parameter, to initialize generals values. It will then be called with the compiler version, and the number of bits of the architecture (32 or 64). Here are the lines that will probably need to be changed:

>   * `set /A JOBS=%NUMBER_OF_PROCESSORS%-1` : the value of this variable contains the number of processes that will be launched simultaneously. It is automatically calculated as "number of cores of your processor - 1" witch is the recommended value. It can be overriden by writing something like `set JOBS=3` to directly assign a numerical value to this variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `set /A JOBS=%NUMBER_OF_PROCESSORS%-1` : the value of this variable contains the number of processes that will be launched simultaneously. It is automatically calculated as "number of cores of your processor - 1" which is the recommended value. It can be overridden by writing something like `set JOBS=3` to directly assign a numerical value to this variable.
```

  * MinGW-W64 GCC-8.1.0 using SJLJ exceptions for 32 bits architecture downloadable from [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64/files/Toolchains%20targetting%20Win32/Personal%20Builds/mingw-builds/8.1.0/threads-win32/sjlj/i686-8.1.0-release-win32-sjlj-rt_v6-rev0.7z "MinGW-W64 GCC-8.1.0 i686 Win32 SJLJ") and SEH exceptions for 64 bits architecture downloadable from [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64/files/Toolchains%20targetting%20Win64/Personal%20Builds/mingw-builds/8.1.0/threads-win32/seh/x86_64-8.1.0-release-win32-seh-rt_v6-rev0.7z "MinGW-W64 GCC-8.1.0 x86_64 Win32 SEH")

  * MinGW-TDM GCC-9.2.0 downloadable from [here](https://jmeubank.github.io/tdm-gcc/articles/2020-03/9.2.0-release "TDM GCC-9.2.0")

>   * MSYS2 MinGW GCC-10.2.0 witch is the last version installable using [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org "www.msys2.org") package manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * MSYS2 MinGW GCC-10.2.0 which is the last version installable using [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org "www.msys2.org") package manager
```
